STARTING THE PROGRAM

First you need to have PyQt4 installed and pyvafm if you wish to run the scripts.
Start the UI by navigating to the UI src folder and running main_window.py with 
python (python main_window.py).


ADDING CIRCUITS

The UI offers a simple drag and drop interface for adding circuits. Simply select
the circuit you want from the circuits tree and drag it to the setup. Alternatively
you can select the circuit and shift + left click the setup to add the circuit as
many times as you want.


MOVING AROUND THE SETUP

Circuits can be moved around by dragging. Holding down middle mouse button or
control(cmd on mac) + left mouse button will let you pan around the setup.


CONNECTING CIRCUITS

Connecting circuits can be done by clicking the desired input and output in succession.
If you want to abort the connection simply click something other that an input or
output. Keep in mind that inputs can only be connected to one output but outputs
can have as many connections as you like.


SETTING PARAMETERS

Circuit parameters can be opened by double clicking the circuit. Simply set the 
desired values in the parameter window and press done to save the parameters. 
Different parameters can be cycled through with tab and backwards with shift+tab.
Setting values for the inputs is done by double clicking the corresponsing input.


SETTING UP THE MACHINE

In the top left corner of the window there are two button parameters and operations.
Parameters will open the parameter window of the machine. These parameters have to
be set for the simulation to run. Operations will open up a window to select the 
run time operations of the setup. Left side of the window will show you all the 
possible options. Select the operation you want by dragging them to the area on the
left. You can rearrange the operation as you like by dragging and dropping. Remove
unwanted operations by dragging them out or by pressing delete.


CREATING THE SCRIPT

Once you have created the desired setup you can turn the setup into a pyvafm script.
On the top left corner there are two buttons for creating the script. Create script
will just create the script and nothing else. Create + run will first create the 
script and then runs it. The pyvafm output will be shown in stdout (most likely the
terminal). The script doesn't require the UI to run so for longer simulations you 
can close the UI and let the simulation run.


SAVING

If you have a created a setup you might want to edit later in the UI you need 
to save it in addition to creating the script. Top menus offer options for saving
and loading (also bound to control+s and control+l). Be aware that loading a setup
will clear your current setup. If you wish to add a saved setup to you current setup
use insert, which will only add the circuits to your current setup.


CONTEXT ACTIONS

Right clicking objects in the setup will bring up context action involving that 
object. This most importantly includes the option to remove different groupings
of objects. For example you can remove all connection from a setup, all connections
from certain input or output or just a single connection depending on what you choose.
